bgpv1:  Local internalTrafficPolicy support for ClusterIP advertisements (#31442)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/bgp-control-plane.rst

field to advertise specific service types, with options such as ``LoadBalancerIP``,
``ClusterIP`` and ``ExternalIP``.

> It is worth noting that when you configure ``virtualRouters[*].serviceAdvertisements`` as ``ClusterIP``,
> the BGP Control Plane will only consider the configuration of the service's ``.spec.internalTrafficPolicy`` and ignore
> the configuration of ``.spec.externalTrafficPolicy``.
> For ``ExternalIP`` and ``LoadBalancerIP``,it will only consider the configuration of
> the service's  ``.spec.externalTrafficPolicy`` and ignore the configuration of ``.spec.internalTrafficPolicy``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth noting that when you configure ``virtualRouters[*].serviceAdvertisements`` as ``ClusterIP``,
the BGP Control Plane only considers the configuration of the service's ``.spec.internalTrafficPolicy`` and ignores
the configuration of ``.spec.externalTrafficPolicy``.
For ``ExternalIP`` and ``LoadBalancerIP``, it only considers the configuration of
the service's ``.spec.externalTrafficPolicy`` and ignores the configuration of ``.spec.internalTrafficPolicy``.
```

Author: Updated.

> the service's  ``.spec.externalTrafficPolicy`` and ignore the configuration of ``.spec.internalTrafficPolicy``.

Reviewer: Is it a change of the actual Control Plane's behaviour, and if so, should it be mentioned in the upgrade notes?

Author: I don't think it's necessary, this feature was just merged and there is already very clear context about it in the description of  #31389. 

This is just a supplement to the code and docs of PR #31331.  @qmonnet

Reviewer: Ok thanks!
